# Ansible Blockinfile Module

The Nautilus DevOps team wants to install and set up a simple httpd web server on all app servers in Stratos DC. Additionally, they want to deploy a sample web page for now using Ansible only. Therefore, write the required playbook to complete this task. Find more details about the task below.

We already have an inventory file under `/home/thor/ansible` directory on jump host. Create a `playbook.yml` under `/home/thor/ansibl`e directory on jump host itself.

- Using the playbook, install `httpd` web server on all app servers. Additionally, make sure its service should up and running.

- Using blockinfile Ansible module add some content in `/var/www/html/index.html` file. Below is the content:

    ```html
    Welcome to XfusionCorp!

    This is  Nautilus sample file, created using Ansible!

    Please do not modify this file manually!
    ```

- The `/var/www/html/index.html` file's user and group owner should be apache on all app servers.

- The `/var/www/html/index.html` file's permissions should be `0644` on all app servers.

Note:

i. Validation will try to run the playbook using command `ansible-playbook -i inventory playbook.yml` so please make sure the playbook works this way without passing any extra arguments.

ii. Do not use any custom or empty marker for blockinfile module.

## Steps

0. Move into ansible directory

    ```sh
    cd ansible
    ```

1. Create an empty `playbook.yml` file:

    ```sh
    touch playbook.yml
    ```

2. Add contents to `playbook.yml` from this [YAML file](../files/ansible_playbook_blockinfile_module_88.yml)

    ```sh
    vi playbook.yml
    ```

    > copy-paste contents

3. Run the playbook command:

    ```sh
    ansible-playbook -i inventory playbook.yml
    ```
